Thank you very much for coming out
I've been waiting for Splatoon, yes, I've finally been coming all the way without time limit
is not it
Multi likely s high this time but is not the first battle of the game
I chose an interesting match as a match development
I think it will be
I car road arm month is spline Shooter
Guy is a map that has been used even Oh is Beaver Park here, according to a problem was in the middle
I can overlook the central wide area
But if you look at the center only, the part that you can not see may be painted and reversed.
This time I will try to extend the territory to the left side
The other party seems to be coming to this side, so let's go ahead while holding up and climb up on stomachache
Somewhat deer
It is indeed the word No, this is I think whether advantageous took over
I have a chance, but I still have to go ahead
Oh enemy of the previous paint it or wall will hit Chimachima Well
Dangerous dangerous husband reel even got beat there I
Well I guess I was able to earn some time
But the other party is young leaves This must be barrier alert
Cormorant Well look is not so much painted feel ally area gold was I the super jump
In it before f
And basshan this did not confirm the election I think bad
It quickly super jump have to somehow
I 'm going to the middle 55
I have to take the top here
I want to
Is not war criminals remains this regrettable, not unexpected Nag quite a good partner
I have cut my remaining time in half and I should do something about it soon
If this happens, I will only have to fill in the unpainted area If there is only an enemy ahead of this
Let's go around from the top as I saw
Went a if promote good I have good to adjust the this side before or
Don't be beaten from this very future moon
Because there is no way, there is only one prefecture , and if you think that it is difficult to get rid of it, allies will be
It looks like you came to frontline support
I will go ahead too
It seems that the enemy is not so near now
It would be better if the boundaries were not clear yet
I took it this time and the remaining time 1 minute
From rolling back do you ze really because Karamaku here I'm a good while to jump if there is at this time
I did not notice
But keep in control with a rubber rush, and allies are destroying the opponent area .
This is a good feeling I will also go to the back road
And it seems like a too- popular view of the ever-prone ink management will fly
But I 'm going to paint this area-the remaining time is also 30 lines Election until the end
I do not understand
Iyo I 'm interested in Pine Efficiency Up Member Recovery Speed ​​Up
Instruments recovery will peach Naa I'm with 1 U
After that you can not but destroy the area anymore What will happen to this action in the end
War situation Ya' is Well then empty scene 's cat has fallen a little and Do have become war of words if you notice
Why
10 seconds remaining
So this has come true or the elections will have come true this will have come
After that it's only going wild
u 8
It wasn't quite the last minute, and allies and enemies were strong.
It was the first video of the full version by say
Please request if you have a weapon you want to use or a stage you want to show
I will raise it if it is a match that can be shown